Fixed minor issues with upgrade guide (#647)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/guides/upgrade-to-version-2.mdx

Depending on your project, some of the steps might not be applicable.
The To-Do list is:

- [Upgrade ECMAScript runtime to "es2019" or higher](#update-ecmascript-runtime)
- [Update Public API Clients - possible after beta phase](#update-public-api-clients)
- [Update Generated API Clients](#update-generated-api-clients)
- [Replace Core Imports](#replace-core-imports)
- [Adjust Serializing and Deserializing of Entities](#adjust-serializing-and-deserializing-of-entities)

> - [Get Support if you face a problem in the upgrade process](get-support)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Get Support if you face a problem in the upgrade process](#get-support)
```

> - Change the `requestBuillder()` call as described [here](#newRequestApi)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the `requestBuillder()` call as described [here](#breaking-change-on-the-requestbuilder-api)
```

> - Change the `execute()` call as described [here](#executeAPIChanges)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the `execute()` call as described [here](#breaking-change-on-the-execute-api)
```
